hello you with the genius EDI back again
so today we're going to show you how to
team your phone like a boss so let's get
started so guys let's do a quick review
this is an awesome team provided to us
by god yard it is called the HUD team
it's really smooth so here you get
access to all of your apps and
notifications and here you will find
your calls emails and messages then you
have a clock which surrounds with
shortcuts for any T files sound RSS and
books also inside the clock you will
have your battery level on the top you
will get your temperature and the
weather of your area now to download
this theme you will need the effects
launcher pro ii the UC CW and third any
fan explorer i would recommend you to
use the ES File Explorer now first go to
your epic on the settings and select
home screen settings and change a photo
drill to ten to ten then you need to
select hide notification bar after that
go to your document settings and turn
off your documents so if you want to get
quick access to your notification bar go
to behavior settings and select swipe
down
then
so I've already shown on get in sorry
then go to advanced settings and uncheck
widget overlapping and resize any widget
after you have downloaded the files in
description first you have to go to the
ES File Explorer and and go to your
download and go to your downloaded
themes the HUD zip and extract all the
files
for the wallpaper would you multiply
paper of quick quick wallpaper or
whatever be perhaps you're using and
select your wall people and sterilized
wallpaper
then
then after that go to your widgets and
select use ECW and usually CW 1 into 1
and create
after that go to you zip and and go to
downloads and HUD and click on your HUD
clogs dot you eyes up
you can resize the word people as you
like the widget
then go do widgets again
and click on your CCW again and go to
you CCW one and one and create you go to
use it and click on HUD underscore
communication gossip and imported to
your desktop or show you the home screen
also he says this as you like
undo the falling again
and this time you have to click on HUD
underscore weather rods if
go to the pecs launcher so now what you
going to do is keep it on the icon and
go to edit and clear all the text and
then go to select picture and gallery so
if you downloaded the HUD think say if
you extract the HUD theme correctly then
you get a transparent wallpaper
then now you go to go to up X actions
and notifications and do the falling
again
now for the hodgepodge
graphical to uww and click on lock
widgets and click on turn off sorry guys
there is one more little thing left the
hot spots so now you have to go to G hot
spots and how about one then we have to
go to her support and then we have to
click on up
and go to phone star house watch for to
hot spot and then up
and then messaging and the hospital up
and Jimmy
so now just close up
and lock with it yeah thank you guys
please like and subscribe